hey everyone so you probably noticed
that I look a bit weird right now
because I've got Wi-Fi eyebrows not
filled in and one of them filled in
because since forever so many people
have asked me what my eyebrow routine is
and I do have an old video up it's
probably very old but I mean I'm pretty
sure I do things these days I'm also you
probably have seen me do this a billion
times and make getting ready videos so I
just thought I'd do a really quick video
just to clarify what I do and talk a
little bit about it basically my shape
and how I groom my eyebrows I have a
razor which I kind of raised and here
with it just looks like this I don't
rape me
um yeah you just shave it off and I have
tweezers which I just pluck stray hairs
from down here I don't reach at my rows
or anything like this
I've never gotten my eyebrows properly
shapes they've always kind of been this
shape or a bit thicker or whatever so
basically what I use 99 percent at the
time is the eyebrow kit in medium and I
always use the gel side which you can
see is pretty much gone and I maybe
eight to anyone because both of mine
look exactly like this now and the art
brow brush well what do you want to call
it angled brush I use for my eyebrows is
this one here which is by benefit and it
came with like a look pencil so it just
looks like this sometimes I'll use any
other kind of angled brush I really like
the elf one but this is just one I kind
of always use because it's always got
the eyebrow stuff on it anyway so all I
do is I take some product on the brush
and I start usually from the arch of my
eyebrow and the end is drawn pretty much
just color in my brows and sort of color
of my eyebrows I dye my eyebrows I just
used this stuff it's like 1000 hour or
something like that
or day I don't even know but it's like
this dye that I got from came out and
you just kind of chuck it on and it dies
your eyebrows darker which I might do
another video for that because I don't
really need to do it
so I just follow my natural shape of
where the shears are they're just a bit
thinner if I screw up I just kind of
take it off and then there's no real
technique to it to be honest it's kind
of just like chocking it on
and that is basically it and this one
looks a bit lighter because I just put
powder on it means sometimes if my
eyebrows are being very unruly I will
use the elf kind of clear mascara crack
and I don't use too much of this because
I find if you put on too much it kind of
just wipes off the color it makes it
look really really gross so I'm just a
really really thin amount and if I don't
use this I'll just use a spoolie back
this thingy and I'll just spray
hairspray on it into the same thing it's
the same I never try to make them look
the exact same or anything like that I
just kind of like filled them in t-sh
sorry that okay just cheating that my
eyebrows are the same color my Maria
because they don't look like it on
camera
I think it's cuz the side of my face
isn't oh um so the ball quit okay
anyways that's well I don't so I'm sorry
I don't really have any tips and tricks
per se but that is literally it and I
hope it helped I really really recommend
this I love it I think it's awesome
don't really use the powdery side I
think it's kind of too warm toned for my
hello because I kind of like cool time
around here sometimes if I need them to
be a bit darker for some reason I'll use
copper play I should over them which
looks like that and I always have my
eyebrows a little bit lighter than my
hair color because well I always learned
and what I think looks the best is mean
brunettes have the eyebrows two or three
shades lighter than the hair color in
blondes have their eyebrows two or three
shades darker in me hair color it's just
what I've always been taught and I think
it looks good like I reckon blondes
always look kind of beetle with a bit of
a darker brow and if I did my eye I do
have one of these kits and dark and it
should look ridiculous on me look like I
had like nearly black eyebrows it just -
it was really really harsh on my
completion so that's that and I hope it
helped as I said I don't really know if
it will but hugely requested so I hope
you guys have a really good day and I'll
talk to you soon